
We are more than just a token.
This is all about fun and innovation.
Inu Shitcoins are over,
Pepe were going down.
we are not here to kill pepe, 
they had their beautiful days already,
now its time for COINNAME to take reign.






Wario Community
Our telegram community supports and encourages holding.

Marketing
With Huge calls, our team will deliver good and longlasting marketing to always keep your bag pumped.

Smart Token
The token has an intelligent distribution of tokens, which autoburn system.

$Wario Market
$Wario will be playing an integral role in our upcoming market. We will be selling building, marketing, and developmental services traded through our fun tokens. We intend on bringing real world value with a gamified aspect as we want to make real use-cases fun to use.





Tokenomics:
Fair Launch, Low Tax with AutoBurn and AutoAddLiquidity Mechanism



Total Supply: 50 M Only
100% were sent to the Liquidity Pool and LP tokens were Burnt (No Need to Lock the LP)


Taxes:
They said taxes are B_llsh_t... Maybe in other projects, but here taxes are for the benefit of our ecosystem (our aim is to create sustainable and healty ecosystem).

2% Buy
2% auto liquidity (lp tokens will be burnt)
Slippage must be over 2% due to auto lp

3% Sell
1% auto Burn, 2% auto liquidity (lp tokens will be burnt)
Slippage must be over 3% due to burning and auto lp

Regular Transfer
0% Tax

Launched with No Team Tokens
Locked LP are not Locked because LP was already Burnt 
Contract will be renounced after CMC and CG listings

This is a 100% community-driven.
Fueled with a unique marketing tools, so come and join, let COINAME show the way.






A revolutionary COINNAME is here to disrupt the market with its unique blend of innovation features, fan applications and potential.
Experience the charge of the COINNAME. Feel the pulsating energy of shared dreams. Be part of a revolution. 
Step into the world of COINNAME. $COINSYMBOL






We believe in the power of community, that is why we created unique marketing tools to be used by our online community. 
This is not just a coin, it's a movement. 
We want to bring a new level of excitement and creativity to the world of crypto. 
Our team is constantly working on new and innovative ways to make COINNAME stand out from the crowd.

So, what are you waiting for? Join the COINNAME community today and be a part of something special.  








Let's be serious, you don't care about the utility and only about the price.
If the price will go only up, you will be happy anon;)) 








How To Buy in BNB

Step 1

Create a MetaMask Wallet
$Wario Coin is available on the BNBereum Network . MetaMask is a third party BEP20 browser wallet, and the very best at that! On Google Chrome, visit metamask.io to download the extension and set up a wallet. On mobile? Get MetaMask's app for iPhone or Android.

Step 2
Send BNB to MetaMask
Acquire BNB through MetaMask itself or transfer it to your MetaMask wallet address from another wallet (e.g. Coinbase or Binance).

Step 3
Visit Pancakeswap
You can currently swap BNB and other tokens for $Wario on Pancakeswap (https://Pancakeswap.finance/).

Step 4
Swap BNB for $Wario
Enter the amount of BNB you would like to swap for BNB. Click Swap on Pancakeswap.






How To Buy in ETH

1. Create a Wallet
download metamask or your wallet of choice from the app store or google play store for free. Desktop users, download the google chrome extension by going to metamask.io.

2. Get Some ETH
have ETH in your wallet to switch to $Bulls. If you don’t have any ETH, you can buy directly on metamask, transfer from another wallet, or buy on another exchange and send it to your wallet.

3. Go to Uniswap
connect to Uniswap. Go to app.uniswap.org in google chrome or on the browser inside your Metamask app. Connect your wallet. Paste the $Bulls token address into Uniswap, select Bulls, and confirm. When Metamask prompts you for a wallet signature, sign.

4. Switch ETH for $Bulls
switch ETH for $Bulls. We have ZERO taxes so you don’t need to worry about buying with a specific slippage, although you may need to use slippage during times of market volatility.








Roadmap

Phase 1: Marketing Innovation
Phase 2: Vibe and HODL
Phase 3: Take Small Profit, Vibe and HODL
No Over Hype, More on for Innovation.


Phase 1
Token creation and smart contract development
Website launch 
Swap Launch
Community building using our Innovative Marketing Tools
1000+ Token Holders
CoinMarketCap/CoinGecko Listings
Twitter Trending 

Phase 2
Community Partnerships
CEX Listings
10,000+ Token Holders

Phase 3
Tier 1 Exchange Listings
100,000+ Token Holders
Partnerships
Token Takeover
No set roadmap. No promises. 
Anything can happen.



Whitepaper

Introduction
-------


Technology
Turbo Token is an ERC-20 token built on Ethereum. The smart contract ensures secure, transparent, and efficient transactions without the need for a central authority.

Conclusion
Turbo Token aims to establish itself as a leading meme coin with a unique identity and a strong focus on simplicity, fairness, and community engagement. By prioritizing decentralization, fairness, community, TURBO aspires to create an inclusive ecosystem that enables sustainable growth, innovation, and long-term value for its holders.





Discalimer** The content on this website is for informational purposes only and does not constitute financial, investment, or other professional advice. 
Investing in cryptocurrencies carries inherent risks, and you should perform your own research before making any decisions. 
COINNAME and its team members are not responsible for any losses or damages that may occur as a result of using the information provided on this website. 




COINNAME is a coin with no intrinsic value or expectation of financial return. 
There is no formal team or roadmap. the coin is completely useless and for entertainment purposes only.















Innovations like (https://ethjets.com/membership-access)


JOIN THE CLUB

Wouldn’t it be great if you had a membership that worked for you? 
We think so too, which is why we built it on the blockchain. 
It comes with exclusive benefit for you to enjoy while you hold it.

Silver Portal - Basic Pass

Exclusive access to island 1 only
This Pass can be used once only (exclusive for the first owner) 
Lifetime membership even if you sell this NFT in opensea (but remember secondary buyers will not enjoy the benefits given to the first owner)
But exclusive access on island 1 are valid only as long as first owner hold this NFT in his/her wallet
No re-occurring membership fee

Gold Portal - Premium Pass 

Exclusive access to islands 2 to 10
Premium Discounts on all Merchandise 
More opportunities awaits here
This Pass can be used once only (exclusive for the first owner) 
Lifetime membership even if you sell this NFT in opensea (but remember secondary buyers will not enjoy the benefits given to the first owner)
But exclusive access on islands 2 to 10 are valid only as long as the first owner hold this NFT in his/her wallet.
No re-occurring membership fee.


