
Warning
This token isn't traded on leading U.S. centralized exchanges or frequently swapped on Uniswap. Always conduct your own research before trading. Learn more

link: https://etherscan.io/token/0xf84210B3F764fe9F40475C118Ca37d26ceacC80D




Welcome To
Bull Coin
A revolutionary sports-themed cryptocurrency poised to disrupt the market with its unique blend of innovation, fan engagement, and potential. When it comes to coins Bull_Coin is the G.O.A.T.








About
Bull Coin
INTRODUCING Bull_Coin, an innovative cryptographic token exuding sheer energy and potential reminiscent of a well-known windy city’s emblematic powerhouse. Sculpted in the image of unyielding strength and dynamic power, Bull_Coin is more than just a cryptocurrency; it’s a symbol, a rallying cry for those who never back down and continuously strive for greatness.

Born of an homage to endurance, determination, and relentless pursuit of success, Bull_Coin exemplifies a spirit akin to the legendary creatures associated with a historic midwest city. It embodies an ethos that unites individuals who don’t just play the game, but change it, who know that every setback is a setup for a comeback.

Bull_Coin is not merely a cryptocurrency – it is a community, a movement. A token that empowers and unites its holders through shared values and a collective vision.

Remember, joining the Bull_Coin army isn’t about anticipating a financial return – it’s about being part of a community. It’s about embodying the spirit of the coin – relentless, fierce, and resolute. When you join the Bull_Coin army you’re joining a community of go-getters, risk-takers, game changers, and game winners.

Experience the charge of the Bull. Feel the pulsating energy of shared dreams. Be part of a revolution. Step into the world of Bull_Coin. $Bulls










Tokenomics

Contract
0xf84210B3F764fe9F40475C118Ca37d26ceacC80D

0% Tax

Total Supply
23,000,000,069,420






How To Buy
1. Create a Wallet
download metamask or your wallet of choice from the app store or google play store for free. Desktop users, download the google chrome extension by going to metamask.io.

2. Get Some ETH
have ETH in your wallet to switch to $Bulls. If you don’t have any ETH, you can buy directly on metamask, transfer from another wallet, or buy on another exchange and send it to your wallet.

3. Go to Uniswap
connect to Uniswap. Go to app.uniswap.org in google chrome or on the browser inside your Metamask app. Connect your wallet. Paste the $Bulls token address into Uniswap, select Bulls, and confirm. When Metamask prompts you for a wallet signature, sign.

4. Switch ETH for $Bulls
switch ETH for $Bulls. We have ZERO taxes so you don’t need to worry about buying with a specific slippage, although you may need to use slippage during times of market volatility.






Roadmap
Phase 1: Ball
Phase 2: Full Court Press
Phase 3: GOAT Status
No jokes aside here is a play by play for Bull_Coin. We aren’t giving everything away, expect a wild ride XD




Phase 1
Launch
CoinMarketCap/CoinGecko Listings
1000+ Holders
Twitter Trending for $Bulls with the power of the GOAT

Phase 2
Token Gated Discord Group, The GOAT House, for Holders to Form an Identity Within the Community
Community Partnerships
CEX Listings
10,000+ Holders

Phase 3
Tier 1 Exchange Listings
100,000+ Holders
GOAT Meme Takeover
Sports Partnerships





$BULLS is simply paying homeage to one of the greatest sports franchises of all time that is loved across the world.

$BULLS is a meme coin with no intrinsic value or expectation of financial return. There is no formal team or roadmap. The coin is completely useless and for entertainment purposes only.





